# Fantastic-Objects
  During the recent years of our Covid-ridden world, temperature has become more important than ever. We take our temperature to enter buildings, to attend events, to see our friends and family. Our world has become one of thermometers and cotton swabs, and we've acclimated to that new normal pretty fast. However, I've always felt that medical technology like thermometers and many other household-health items are jarring to look at. Perhaps it's the cold colors, or the hard, unyielding texture of many such items, that make them seem more taboo and scary to operate.
  I'd like to create an object that makes the routine of taking temperature softer and friendlier, specifically for younger children. With soft textures and soft colors, I feel a small stuffed-animal like object that takes the form of a cuddly creature would be a perfect way to introduce young children to the routine of taking body temperature without seeming too threatening. This object would have sensors that take temperature, and trigger a response that changes the color of the object to indicate the temperature.
  Basically, the object would be a small, cuddly stuffed-animal like creature, that changes color based on the temperature of the person who handles it. The object would be used in places like doctors' offices, hospitals, schools, activity centers, homes, and other areas children frequent. Children would be given the object to handle, and based on the temperature of the child, the object would change color to reflect whether the child's temperature is at a dangerous or safe level. It would make the process of taking temperature less scary, and would help children slowly acclimate to a covid/post-covid world.
